Xiao Zhou, you are finally back.
Take good care of you motherfuckers
Unsupported children
How dare you bully my little fat
I'll tell you what.
Why don't you release my daughter-in-law today?
Bring him back to work for you
I will never give up
Who says they don't have a mother?
Since I am married to an outstanding student
It's their mother.
You bullied my child so much today
I will never give up
Where did the fox come from?
It makes me restless.
I think you are here to cheat Xiaozhu's property.
It's a black-hearted little bitch
Did you get up early to eat garlic?
Mouth is so smelly
Little bitch, how dare you scold me
I'll tell you what.
If you don't kneel and apologize today
I will ask you to drive out of the happy village
Drive out of Happy Village
Aunt Liu is so majestic
To be able to be the master of the entire village
Do you want to kick out the family with me Zhou Yuesheng?
I didn't mean it that way.
Xiao Zhou, it's not that the aunt said you
You for a few little widows
A vixen
So unreasonable to an elder in my village
If this gets out
But to be poked in the spine
A man who cannot protect his wife and children
Will be poked in the spine
Little bitch, how can you speak here?
I'll tell you what.
I have to follow three little aunts today
Kneel down and apologize together
Otherwise, I will make the spittle stars of the happy villagers
Drown you
How majestic is this old lady?
Are you doing the main thing?
If you can
Drive out the Zhou family pig farm
I'm waiting.
If I bring Xiao Zhou, the God of Wealth, back
Humph in the village
Isn't that the big hero in the village?
Who said they want to drive away Xiao Zhou's farm?
Liu family, you want to drive them out of the village
I am now asking you Liu's family to drive out of the village